# Fitness-Application
The project that I designed is based off my love of working out.  Working in the fitness industry has shown me some of the problems that individuals run into throughout their fitness adventure.  The purpose of this application is to provide users with a tool to both track their workouts and to provide users with a full functional workout that tells them exactly what to do.
This project is a mixture of meeting the demands of what I would want in a fitness application, along with reaching out to another target market of those who train with functional workouts.  Personally, my workouts are all strength training based.  However, working at a gym has allowed me to see the multitudes of people who need to be told exactly what to do in a workout.  Therefore, I designed this project with a workout tracker, for myself and others like me, and a functional workout program, for those who need ideas for their workouts.  
The goal of a functional workout is generally to perform a variety of low-weight or bodyweight exercises with limited rest and a high volume of repetitions.  I designed my workout with solely bodyweight exercises.  As I did not have the tools to import videos into canvas, I decided to import two pictures for each exercise that would show the range of motion for each exercise.  At the end of the workout, the results are printed on a separate page with the total number of exercises and repetitions.
The goal of the strength training is to provide a platform for users to track their workouts.  This program is more about keeping track of data rather than providing it.  The user inputs their exercise, repetitions, and weight.  The information is then printed to the workout log.  The workout log can then be viewed via a text file and a scrollbar.
I feel that this application has the potential to attract the interest of the general public.  It is a pretty simple application but fits the interests of almost all individuals who work out, regardless of fitness level.  

